Fibler went from zero to 500K MR in just
15 months, mainly from their founder
Adam posting on LinkedIn alongside ads.
They brought us on board to fire up the
SEO and AI search program to scale
beyond 1.5 million AR. And in this
video, I'll leave the exact battle plan
on how we're going to make it happen so
you can follow along and copy it for
your SAS. And for a quick bit of
context, Fibler lets you see which
companies view or engage with your
LinkedIn ads and Google ads. So you can
connect those views to pipeline and
revenue within your CRM and alert sales
when it's time to reach out. I'll be
sharing the full road map from getting
quick wins with existing [music]
content, building net new pipeline
focused bottom offunnel content, the
cheat code to showing up on AI search
and LLM and much much more to get demos
and signups fast. And this playbook's
already driven a positive ROI with
signups and demos just 2 months in
debunking the common myth that SEO
[music] takes 12 months. So if you're
scaling a B2B SAS and want to see how
SEO and AI search can actually scale
pipeline within 90 days, then make sure
to stick around. Before we dive in,
let's give a bit of context and
background on where Fibla is at. So the
founder, Adam Holgrain, has built a
solid brand posting on LinkedIn
alongside LinkedIn ads. He has a great
following already on LinkedIn with his
ICPs of B2B and SAS marketing leaders
and similar, but up to now he hadn't
really touched SEO or AI search at all.
So with Adam's hefty goal of going from
500K to 1.5 million ARR over the next 12
months, he's brought us at breaking B2B
on board to be a big part of that engine
SEO and AI search. And our one focus,
drive signups and demos as quick as
humanly possible. And we'll be looking
at Google organic search, Google AI
overviews as well as LLMs like chat GPT.
And a highle overview of the strategy.
We'll be going after their dream clients
that are actively in market searching
for their software tools like theirs,
platforms, comparing vendors in the
sector or maybe folks that are
frustrated with their existing vendor
looking to move away alongside folks
that have the expensive problem that
Fibler are solving. But it ain't going
to be easy. Bibler's website is super
light on content, which is a real
bottleneck being fresh to SEO and AI
search, and they're up against some real
heavy hitters in the ads attribution
space. Some of which massively funded VC
or PE back plus have been investing in
SEO for years. So, you could call it an
uphill battle against some of those
giants in the niche. But as we always
say at breaking B2B, solid customer
research, a solid strategy, speed and
execution can be a lot of slowm moving
[music] giants. So that's what we'll be
focusing on. And we're going to start
with updating existing content. So, if
you've got a SAS website, one of the
very quickest wins that you can possibly
get with SEO and AI search is if you've
already got commercial bottom offunnel
pages, whether that's landing pages,
articles, listicles, competitive pages,
or otherwise that have that high buying
intent, but already maybe ranking
perhaps at the bottom of Google organic
or maybe they're just not being picked
up in AI searches or LLMs. Well, let's
make those best-in-class. We've done the
hard work of producing the content and
pages already. It just needs some
updates, whether that's structure
updates, content updates, technical
updates, or maybe driving back links or
earning brand mentions. And sometimes
with just a small bit of work, those can
see a big uptick. Maybe being mentioned
in Google AI overviews or maybe being
picked up in LLMs like chat GBT can give
you a big lift in both mentions in
organic visibility, traffic, and inbound
leads, demos, pipeline, and signups. And
a real simple way to do this from a
classic Google organic search
perspective is you can use a tool like
Hrefs. You can hit the opportunities
tab. You can go to lowhanging fruit
keywords. You can even filter them to
commercial intent. And then here for
Fiba, we can see right now we've got
some nice fairly bottom of funnel search
terms like LinkedIn marketing tools,
attribution tool, LinkedIn ads
analytics. Again, it looks like these
are between organic position 10, 13, 11.
So, we could look to get those up to
organic position one, which would of
course give us a giant increase in
click-through rate, high intent, inbound
traffic, and therefore should ramp up
inbound signups and demos. So, working
out what bottom of funnel content you've
already got using tools like HFS is
really going to assist you filter that
commercial intent and then you can see
those quick wins that you could get with
your existing content. And right now,
from a Google perspective, we can see
that that's organic position number two
for this article. And here is the
article, the best LinkedIn revenue
attribution tools compared. And the
thing about this listicalbased article
is no one's really searching for the
best LinkedIn revenue attribution tools,
softwares or platforms for fun or as a
pastime. They're probably looking for it
or something similar on Google organic
or chatbt or AI search because they
genuinely have intent. They're genuinely
evaluating software tools platforms like
these. So, if you can get this type of
article ranked top of Google organic, if
you can get it mentioned in AI searches,
then you're going to get in front of
those high intent prospects in market
for SAS like yours. So, these are real
bottom ofunnel pages that are solid for
driving signups and demos. But the
problem was with that article is that
sometimes it wasn't ranking top of
Google organic search in the USA,
especially for some of the ads related
based searches. It was not being
reliably picked up by AI search tools
and chat GBT, Google AI overviews and
others weren't citing it for key queries
and the previous article had a solid
structure just needed more depth as well
as more focus on LinkedIn ads versus
just LinkedIn revenue alongside some
on-page updates plus some link building.
And we worked on some specific content
updates. We added five more tools to the
comparison. We updated the comparison
table. We added item list schema for all
the tools covered. We included more ads
related keywords from Google search
console and weave those in nicely
throughout the metatext and page titles
and you can see that in a working
version in this Google doc as our team
worked on. You can see all the edits
made in red to the table that's up front
in the quick summary that can often get
picked up in AI search to the more
detailed in-depth table of the
comparison options and then additions to
the actual list of tools. And as you can
see, the listical based article
positions Fibler as number one. Sharing
where they're a great fit. Showing the
product in action with a nice visual.
And talking about backed by customer
research, why our ICPs choose us, we're
a great match, where we're not such a
great match, main features, main USPs,
talking about reviews and ratings,
pricing, and then an easy call to action
to take the next stage to grab a sign up
or book a demo. And the main goal here
was to push this listical up into
positions one or two of Google organic
and get picked up in AI search
consistently. By the way, if you want to
see how we can drive pipeline and
revenue for your SAS as quick as 90
days, then grab a call with us over at
breakingb2b.com or hit the link in the
description below. Right back to the
video. Now, it's time to dive into the
cheat code for AI search. Listical based
articles seem to be a cheat code right
now for tools like chatbt, Google AI
overviews, and even classic Google
organic search. Right now for
bottomfunnel prompts and queries, LLMs
are pulling from these listicles like
crazy. Whenever someone's searching for
something like show me the best X
software, the best X tools, the best X
platforms, or show me the alternatives
to this competitor, or tell me about the
pricing of this vendor, or I want to
compare this option versus this option
versus this option. the responses and
the brands that get mentioned in chat
GBT AI overviews and more often are
being pulled from listical based
articles. So for Fibler, we're running a
twopart strategy. One is to really help
us control the narrative to put as many
lines in the water as possible that we
fully own and control on our own
website. Building a range of high sales
intent listicles on Fiba's own website
as well as getting Fiba a placement on
external listical articles within the
niche. And that actually gives you three
wins in one. It gives you a brand
mention which is really big signal for
being picked up in AI searches. You can
get a classic backlink to help with your
Google organic strategy. Plus, by being
placed in these external listicles, you
can actually get direct leadflow signups
and demos from those. And as an example
of how powerful these listical articles
are, I do a quick Google search here for
best LinkedIn ads attribution tools. We
can see that Fibbler have got that
important brand mention here in the
Google AI overviews and they're also
pulling from two of our listicles here
on the Fibler site. And we can also see
we're near the top for the organic
search results with the classic blue
links too. And likewise, if I do a
search on chatbt, in this case, I've put
show me the best LinkedIn ads
attribution tools. We can see that Fiba
got a mention here. And not only are
they mentioned, it's actually pulling
from Fibers's own article listicle here.
And another example here in chat GBT,
I've searched something that has really
high sales intent. So, show me the best
hockey stack alternatives for LinkedIn
ads attribution. And we can see that
Fibler get a nice mention top here.
Again, some real heavy hitters,
companies that have tons of funding,
whereas Fiba is a bootstrapped company
and right now has two full-time
employees. So, really nice to see that
this is happening so quick. And once
again, we can see here that that's
pulling from Fiba's own listical based
article. that's actually pulling
directly from their hockey stack
alternatives list. So, it really shows
how with the right strategy, you can
control the narrative for your SAS both
on Google organic search and AI searches
to make sure when those dream clients
need your solution, comparing options of
high intent for software tools or
platforms like yours, making sure you're
in the conversation, that you're not
invisible, you're not giving competitors
a free lunch, but your brand gets
mentioned. You get into the
consideration set, which of course is
super important in B2B SAS, especially
as you're scaling up to higher ACV
solutions and offerings. So let's dive
into the framework we follow for these
listicles. So first and foremost, we
want that money keyword in the URL. So
usually in the domain name, we've got
slash and then the money keyword. So in
this case, hockey stack hyphen
alternatives. And then likewise, you
want your money keyword in your single
H1 at the top of the page. And also to
help with Google's EAT, experience,
expertise, authority, and trust, if you
can add a publish date at the top of
your article, you could even go for a
last updated date, which can help with
freshness for AI tools. And you could
also add a picture of your author and
their name and maybe even a mini bio. So
on these pages, we like to do a quick
summary right at the top with a mini
table. In this case, we mentioned Hockey
Stack as that's the alternatives we're
suggesting. And we mention our own SAS,
so Fiba right up front. And you'll see
we've got a mini table. Reason being, AI
search likes to pick up information in
this way. So it can get to the point
right up front and straight away it
knows what the article is about. Then
we'll share why should you look for a
hockey stack alternative to give some
context. Then we want to build on the
social proof, the authority side of
things. So in this case, we'll mention
Fibler and why a prospect that's perhaps
cold or fresh to our brand should
consider trusting us. So in this case,
we talk about some of the brands that
trust Fibler and even add some more
social proof with a relevant client
quote and testimonial. And then in this
case, because we're looking at Hockey
Stack alternatives, we'll give a
snapshot of what Hockey Stack is and how
it works. You'll notice these articles
aren't simply walls of text. They're
split up with plenty of visuals to keep
folks engaged. We've got bullet points
to break items up. And it's important to
mention that all the content that we
build and any content you build for your
SAS, we recommend baking in customer
research. So really knowing your dream
client, why they choose you, the
problems that they face before they get
so frustrated they need to look at a
software or solution like yours, the
other options they consider on the
market, your main differentiators, your
dream client's job to be done, and much,
much more. So that can all be weaved in
to these pieces of content on your
website so you can make sure they really
resonate with your dream clients. That's
the problem with relying on AI solely
for your content. It might be able to
spit out content super fast, but it's
unlikely with AI content, especially
quickly whipped up AI slop that it's
actually going to resonate with your
dream clients, their goals, their jobs
to be done, their pain points, their
motivations, and much much more. So now
we dive into why you should consider a
Hockey Stack alternative and again back
it by customer research. You can even
look at review sites like G2 or Cap
Terror to get some golden nuggets here.
In this case, we talked about one G2
reviewer and their frustrations with the
tool. So, like I say, we're pulling
nuggets from reviews that we've seen.
So, it can feel like more platform than
you need. In this case, the learning
curve can slow teams down. You might
need something that's easier to keep up
and running, maintain pricing. So, that
could be a big concern for smaller goto
market and marketing teams or revenue
teams. And you might prefer specific
tools rather than allin-one platform.
And then we'll dive into a tabled list.
Again, AI tools seem to like picking up
tables in this format. And as you can
see, we'll position Fibler as number one
here, backed by where we're a good fit,
where we're not a great fit, and why
folks choose us, along with G2 ratings
and pricings. And then a comparison in
that table of the other options on the
market. And then we dive into the
detailed breakdown. So, we position Fiba
number one, where we're best fit visual
here. So, really important that you show
your product or your SAS in action.
Perhaps even weave in a GIF of the aha
moment or even a live interactive demo
so folks can start playing with your
tool. And then we'll talk about where
we're a strong fit, who we're best
suited for, who we're not a great fit
for, talk about some of the key
features, where you should perhaps
consider us over hockey stack, talk
about the G2 ratings, and again, showing
pricing openly both on articles like
this as well as a dedicated pricing
page. Super important, especially in the
world of AI search. Folks can literally
search for what your pricing is, and if
you don't control that narrative with a
dedicated page on your website, as well
as mention it on relevant articles. What
we might find happening is by gating or
hiding that pricing, when someone
searches for it, they might stumble upon
a Reddit thread, perhaps from a
disgruntled or annoyed user or prospect,
and they might share pricing that's out
ofd, old, or just completely incorrect.
And and because you're hiding it on your
site, folks are seeing that as
information within their AI search, and
that might be causing you to miss out on
opportunities or because you refuse to
control the narrative and failed to
share pricing openly throughout your
website. So after that, we do a fair
comparison of the other tools on the
market. And then to wrap up, as you can
see, none of this is focused on trying
to cause harm to whatever competitor
we're going after. We're trying to do a
fair evaluation after having a good deep
dive into their solution and also
backing it by customer research from our
own team, sales team, support team,
success team, as well as looking at what
folks are saying on review sites. So we
wrap the article up by choosing the
right hockey stack alternative. We'll
share that hockey stack is a powerful
tool, but this is where we might be a
great fit at Fibler. And then you can
see we've got our call to action. We've
got the author summary. So add them
here. And one thing I really recommend
throughout your articles as well as
making them nice and visual, not walls
of text, is having a fixed call to
action. So you can see on Fibler,
they've got a nice standout call to
action with their mascot here, their
lion mascot, and they've got the title,
see the real impact of your paid ads,
and then give you an option to quickly
grab a 30 days free trial. And of
course, you'd have that fixed in your
menu. enough. And then again, you could
also put it in the footer section at the
bottom as well. Just making it super
easy for folks to grab that sign up or
grab that demo or take that next step.
And to summarize, for these listical
articles we're going to build on our own
website, we prioritize these to firstly
control the narrative. Make sure if
dream clients are searching for software
solutions, platforms, tools like ours,
comparing options, maybe frustrated with
the incumbent vendor and looking for
alternatives or maybe checking out
pricing or reviews or maybe even
comparing one option to another or
several. We're controlling that
narrative. Instead of being invisible
and giving our competitors a free lunch,
we're getting our brand mentioned and
recommended AI search tools. And we're
looking to rank top organically on
Google to build that mind share, get
folks to our website, get into the
consideration set. And these pages are
solid for doing all of that as well as
driving inbound signup and demos. And
within these, we'll position our own SAS
as number one. We'll show the product in
action with plenty of trust signals and
social proof, client reviews, case
studies, videos, and more. Make sure
we're backing everything with customer
research as to why folks, in this case,
choose Fiba. Make it super easy. grab a
sign up or grab a demo or book a call
and take that next step. Do a fair
review and comparison of the competitors
on the market and make sure we're not
just hyping Fibler or our own SAS and
trashing competitors. So, we've got to
share where Fibler is not a strong fit
and where we fall short to. We've got to
share where we win and where we're an
excellent fit and make sure we're
leveraging the golden nuggets, the
insights from sales conversations,
support and success conversations so we
can really resonate with our dream
clients, their goals, their motivations,
their struggles and their jobs to be
done. And then moving on to external
listical placements. Our focus here is
to look for external niche relevant
listical articles talking about our
software tools or platform that rank
right now in the top 20 organic results
on Google and also ones that are
frequently being cited on tools like
chat GPT. And the goal here is trying to
influence Google AI overviews, chat GBT,
and other LLM all around those bottom of
funnel money keywords and prompts that
our dream clients are looking for when
they're in market evaluating options or
have the super specific problem that we
solve to drive signups and demos. And
the process is pretty simple once you
know your money keywords and money
prompts, aka the ones that dream clients
going to be looking for when they need
your software solution platform. Maybe
they're looking for a specific
integration. Maybe they're comparing you
to other options. Or maybe they're
looking for those alternative based
searches. Or perhaps they're looking for
a specific use case. Or maybe even
something for a specific vertical or
industry. Once you've nailed down those
money keywords and prompts, you can
shortlist a bunch of external listical
based articles that you want to get
placements within and get your brand
mention. And you can do manual outreach.
Once you've got your short list, if it's
in the B2B space, chances are they
should be on LinkedIn. And rather than
doing one of those generic wall of text
cold emails that has about 10 paragraphs
asking for a placement or a link
exchange, you want to break through that
and stand out through the noise. So if
you find them on LinkedIn, drop them a
weird personalized LinkedIn request
like, "Hey Janice," or "Hey Steve, had a
weird idea for your recent article on
XYZ. Are you against a conversation or
against a chat?" And I'd actually go the
extra mile. So I'd send them a
customized a tailored Loom video,
probably with their article in the
background, and say, "Hey, really
enjoyed reading through your recent
article. was wondering if we could get
featured as a top three placement within
this article. And in return, happy to of
course do a value exchange, whether
that's featuring you in one of our own
articles or one of our own listicles,
maybe getting you onto our podcast if
you run one, maybe giving you a shout
out on LinkedIn if one of your execs has
got a strong following there, or
possibly even a payment. And that's
something you can do yourself manually,
or you could use a team like ours at
breaking B2B to own that full process
for you. And getting those placements on
relevant external listic calls give you
three hits in one. You get the AI search
visibility from your brand being
mentioned on that article. You get the
classic organic SEO boost from a niche
relevant backlink. And you also get high
intent prospects seeing Fiba placed
within that article and could even drive
direct signups or demo flow. And the
results from this strategy have been
super quick. So in this case, best
LinkedIn ads attribution tools. We can
see Fibler mentioned nicely here in AI
overviews. We can see their article list
being pulled from and they're also
ranking towards the top of Google
organic search results in the classic
blue link just within a couple months of
doing this page. And sometimes it
doesn't even take a month or two. We've
seen these kind of articles rank as
quick as days for competitor-based
alternative competitor pricing versus
pages and similar. A lot of these pages
are often super low search volume. So
anywhere from things like 10 to maybe 50
searches organically a month on Google,
but they have really high sales intent.
So this is the time where you want to
ignore the vanity metrics like going
after traffic at all costs. Ignoring the
topfunnel trap of going afterformational
keywords like how to do X or what is Y
or something super simple that maybe a
student is looking when researching
solutions like yours. Instead, we're
focusing on real bomber funnel. What are
dream clients looking for when they're
in market? I don't know about you, but
I'd much rather get those high intent
prospects that are much more likely grab
a sign up, grab a demo, or speak to
sales, especially when these pages can
rank as quick as days. And then quickly
running through some of the strategies
we've built for Fiba each month to date.
So when we started around November,
December time 2025, you could see as we
talked about suggested some existing
content updates that we ran through net
new content in that case, we're focusing
on the alternative pages. And as you can
see, low search volume but high intent
as folks were looking for an alternative
and trying to evaluate their options
along with a backlink building and
external listical placement. Then in the
next month, we're looking at some more
net new content around some more
alternative keywords like dream data
factors AI looking at LinkedIn marketing
tools listicle, LinkedIn ads analytics
tools list. And again, you'll see that
some of these have decent search volume
and some of these super low again with
that high buying intent behind them.
More on the link building. And then
moving into Jan Feb, we can see Google
Ads attribution models, more of a how-to
kind of midfunnel, topfunnel article,
B2B marketing attribution software.
Again, bottom ofunnel listical based
article, some page updates. So you'll
see on month three of program, we look
to update our alternative article for
Hockey Stack. And usually we recommend
the page updates around 90 days after
you've published. So you can see how
rankings settle if they're being pulled
up in AI search and then work out what
makes sense to update. So in this case
we updated the dates, metatext features,
pricing and tables and then did similar
for factors AI dream data alternatives
and the other listicles that we built in
month one. Did some more link building
and some more external placements for
listicles. February to March we did some
midfunnel content. So LinkedIn ads
examples. We did some integration
content that can be super useful in the
SAS space. So if you know there's common
integrations that your dream clients
going after. So in this case LinkedIn
ads clay integration. Again low search
volume but we know it has that real high
intent where we can position our product
as the painkiller. And these kind of
jobs to be done based articles are great
because we know that folks have this
specific pain point. In this case,
they're looking for clay integration
within LinkedIn ads. And we can explain
exactly how they can do it. We can talk
about if they want to do it manually. It
can take hours, days, weeks, even
months. And then show our product as
that painkiller. So this is exactly how
you can do it super easy, super fast
with Fiba. In this case, show the
product in action. Make it easy for
folks to grab that 30-day free trial
with Fibla. And then some more kind of
topfunnel, midfunnel content. Again,
jobs to be done. Positioning our product
as a new better way. Also midfunnel,
topfunnel content. It's worth noting is
good for building topical authority. We
recommend generally within pages that
you publish on your site they have five
internal links so you can flow from your
kind of more topfunnel midfunnel pages
internal links to those more bottom
ofunnel pages like product focused
listical focused feature focused etc
helps generally with your SEO program
and then some more link building and
some external listical placements and
then the latest plan we've done some
more alternatives so going after vector
again low search volume high buying
intent metadata similar thing metadata
alternatives gone after some more
integration based pages so we've got
Google ads Salesforce integration
HubSpot integration, ATIO integration
for both Google Ads and LinkedIn ads.
And then we've updated some of our older
content here. And here's a cricket
example of one of the integration
articles, how to integrate LinkedIn ads
with HubSpot. A quick intro talking
about what the integration is all about,
why you should consider doing it, how
you can do it, specifically mentioning
our products of Fibler, showing
screenshots of the workflow, weaving in
social proof, so client quotes and
testimonials, talking about some of the
use cases like why folks actually opt
for this, pain points that it solves,
some of the main features and benefits
that you can get of running this
workflow with Fiba. Again, some more
screenshots of the product in action,
in-depth things that your ICPS care
about. Again, you can pull this
information from your sales calls,
discovery calls, support calls, and what
folks really care about with the
integration. Really drill deep into
those use cases. Again, more social
proof here. And then wrapping up with
some FAQs. Again, these can be pulled up
in AI searches. And as well as the
sticky call to action, you could also
consider a fixed table of content to
make it easier for people to flick
through your longer form pages and
articles. And often, as you'll see with
this program, we've gone after low
difficulty keywords many times. So, if
you were to look up the keywords on a
tool like Hrefs, a lot of them might be
low keyword difficulty, some of which
might have low search volume, but they
all have that high buying intent.
They're folks that are actively looking
for software tools or platforms like
Fibler or comparing options frustrated
with the incumbent vendor, weighing up
maybe integrations that they need,
looking for use cases or a specific
requirement for their vertical. And
generally speaking, the structure is all
about positioning Fibler as number one,
backed by customer research and why
folks choose them. Positioning Fibler as
that painkiller, showing where we win,
showing the problems we solve, plenty of
visuals of our product and our tool in
action, and the aha moment when it
clicks into play. Reviews, they could be
video reviews, quotes, testimonials, or
more. And of course, always a fair
comparison when we're talking about
other vendors in the space. And the
beauty of this strategy is when you go
after money keywords like competitor
alternatives, they're really low
difficulty. So, we've seen these pages
often rank as quick as days, driving
demos and signups super fast for SAS.
Meaning, you're really going after the
metrics that matter, not vanity traffic.
plus building content that's owned on
your own website that's likely to be
pulled up in AI searches, giving a
rockolid foundation on both Google
organic search and LLMs. And then the
last piece of the strategy puzzle is
earning niche relevant backlinks. So
we've been building DA50 plus backlinks
from industry relevant sites. These are
important because they signal authority
to Google. And if we can get a backlink
as anchor text, as a do follow link to
one of our money keywords and money
pages, that can help us, especially
those higher competition money keywords
that we want to rank for. So maybe we've
built best-in-class pages and content,
but we're just struggling to get them
top of Google organic. If we can start
earning solid back links to those pages,
that can give us the boost we need to
rank top. And there's a number of ways
you can earn back links. In fact,
there's a bunch of ways you can do it
for free. So, if you've got partners
that are in complimentary industries
where you can maybe do a guest article
on their website and in return ask for a
backlink and a brand mention to one of
your money pages. Or if those partners
have got listicles that are relevant to
your product, tool, platform, or similar
on their site, perhaps you can get a
placement within those as well as a
brand mention and a backlink. Or one of
my favorite strategies is if you've got
an exec on your team or a founder that's
open to guesting on podcast, you can use
a website like listen notes where you
can type in your niche or your industry.
So in my case it might be SAS marketing
or B2B marketing. In your case it could
be fintech, finance, accounting,
whatever niche or ICP you go after and
then you can actually view the top rated
podcasts within your niche. You can see
who hosts them. You can make a list of
those top shows and then just like we
talked about earlier, you could do a
painfully short message if they hang out
on LinkedIn like, "Hey Jess," or "Hey
Chris, had a weird idea for your
podcast. You're against the chat." They
would like you to accept that request
and be like, "Yeah, Sam, what the heck
are you talking about?" And then to
stand out from the noise of all those
cold emails that are walls of text, you
could send them a Loom video with their
podcast or their website in the
background. Something like, "Hey, really
enjoyed your recent show on XYZ, had a
couple weird ideas for your podcast."
And then quickly break down a snapshot
of the couple ideas that are going to be
useful to their audience. And then see
if they'd be open to having yourself or
your exec or your founder on their show
and give a little bit of social proof on
that founder or that exec or yourself as
to why you'd be a good fit. From
personal experience, this has a great
acceptance rate. And the beauty of doing
this is not only do you get the PR boost
from appearing on their podcast that
might go on the audio shows, might be
featured on YouTube, they might talk
about you on LinkedIn or socials, plus
you can ask for a backlink and a brand
mention when they publish the podcast
article on their website. So this gives
you three hits in one. Plus, speaking
from experience, I've had a bunch of
inbound leads from folks that have
listened to me or watch me guest on
podcasts. And when you're earning back
links, generally speaking, the focus
should be on quality over quantity.
Getting that niche relevance is key and
going after sites with solid domain
authority. So that's the strategy, but
what actual results have we seen so far?
Well, like we talked about earlier, some
of the content that we built ranked as
quick as days, especially the competitor
alternative, low search volume, but real
high buying intent behind it. And most
importantly, within 2 months of
publishing on this program, we've seen
pages drive signups and demos. Adam's
reported a bunch of demos that have
mentioned AI searches and chat GBT
searches relevant to prompts that have
pulled from those net new listicles
we've built as part of the program. And
we can see that right now the listical
articles that we've built have around a
9% conversion rate. And in 3 months in
we've increased non-branded traffic to
the site by over 200% including holiday
periods. And I think a big thing here as
well is everything you can't track. Many
folks still say that AI search and LLM
are a bit of a black box. Reason being
is unlike Google, LLMs don't tend to
send tons of traffic to your website.
You're more going after the brand
mention, making sure when dream clients
are searching for your solution,
comparing options, looking to solve a
problem or similar, your brand comes up
in the conversation. You're not
invisible. You're not giving your
competitors a free lunch. So, really
making sure your brand's mentioned each
and every time dream clients have that
buying intent. They're searching for
those high intent prompts or keywords on
Google. You're showing up top. And
Adam's regularly feeding back to us that
on demo calls and similar folks are
mentioning AI search and chat GBT as
part of their journey with our articles,
our content being cited. So we'll keep
building on this program to drive
signups, demos, and most importantly
revenue through Google organic and AI
search. And there you have it. That's
the exact SEO and AI search program
we're running for Fibler as they scale
from 500K to 1.5 million ARR. Now, if
you want us to review your business and
see if you can scale Pipeline as quick
as 90 days, grab a call with us in the
link in the description below or head
over to breakingb2b.com.
Or if you're not ready yet, grab our
free 90 days to revenue SEO and AI
search video course. Head over to
breakingb2b.com, hit the newsletter tab,
and you can unlock it instantly. Or if
you haven't yet, check out the breaking
B2B podcast for weekly interviews with
SAS marketing leaders. And with that, I
shall catch you on the next one. Jazz.